feat: Added CDK project to create the infrastructure (#21)
EtienneDx/git-mentor: gmt-cdk/README.md

# Gmt Cdk

> This project contains the infrastructure definition for the GMT project. It provides acces to 2 stacks, one holding the

Reviewer: 👀 
```suggestion
This project contains the infrastructure definition for the GMT project. It provides access to two stacks, one holding the
```
